you see you've given you given the
public such a lot of pleasure sand as
well and everything with the way you've
teamed up together is been wonderful to
watch but look I'm dying to know because
there's been so much ridiculous
publicity about did you quit your were
you pushed and all this nonsense I
certainly wasn't pushed bruising that's
not me is it no I didn't think so and
I've had a marvelous time it has been
strictly fantastic and I wanted to
obviously thank all the people who voted
for us
yeah we've been overwhelmed by their
kindness and their generosity I
particularly like to thank the judges
for the extraordinary way in which they
whipped up public support in our
Oh
but you've enjoyed yes I've had because
the rehearsals and everything you've had
a wonderful wonderful time no it's
obvious but I've also gotta say
something about the brilliant and
beautiful Christy
with her sense of fun her smile and her
courage she is simply the best dancer in
the world
we've seen them we do have to say but
first of all I do want to say big thank
you to the production of the show for
inviting me over here and give me a
chance to be part of this amazing
amazing show and for pairing me with
John from the first day first game and I
wanted to say it's a John that I admire
you I respect you and I adore you okay
come in here come in like that well the
file you've given us the waving joyed
the whole thing and I could see it
rehearsals everything you've been an
inspiration you know to everybody
you really have thank you so much for
being a part of our show we're sorry
you're going so soon but you could have
gone on in for that you could have gone
into next series thank you again god